[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to this astral
projection guided journey,
where you will activate the
powerful energy within that
will connect you with
the astral plane.
Forming a connection
with your energy body
will allow you to access
the different layers
of consciousness needed to
navigate outside of your body.
Embodying your astral self
will change your frequency
and thus change the way
you perceive and remember
these otherworldly experiences.
First, I will guide you
through a relaxation meditation
in preparation for the
energy body activation.
Make yourself nice
and comfortable.
You may be laying down or
in a reclined position.
Allow your body to settle down
and slowly close your eyes,
knowing that you are
safe, in control,
and able to wake up from
the experience at any moment
throughout the journey.
Begin to visualize a
protective dome or sphere
around your bed or chair.
You may view it as a perfect
circle, a dome, or an oval.
You are at the center,
relaxing and receiving
the warm and nurturing
energy provided by the dome.
This sphere or dome is not a
physical structure, but rather
an energetic manifestation that
only allows the good energy
to come in and allows
the negative energy
to be released and transformed.
Take a deep breath
in through your nose,
inhaling this wonderful
energy, filling your tummy,
and then exhaling
through your mouth
slowly, letting go of all
the tension and negativity.
You can visualize the exhale
as a darker color that
then gets released into
the energy of the sphere
where it dissolves
and transforms
into the wonderful
energy all around.
Keep inhaling this
wonderful energy
and exhaling everything
you no longer need.
Let it go and exhale.
Ask yourself if
there is anything
you would like to let go
of during this session,
knowing that the natural
mechanism of this dome
or sphere is taking
care of everything.
Now, find the natural
rhythm of your breath
until you feel
light and relaxed.
Let the wonderful energy
enter through your breath
and take over all the
muscles, nerves, cells,
and atoms of your body.
You can feel this
warm energy wash
over your scalp and temples,
releasing all tension
from the muscles
around your head,
moving over your forehead,
cleansing and clearing
any blocks or stuck
energy that you
may be holding in that area,
relaxing all the muscles
around your eyebrows and eyes.
It feels so good to
relax and let go,
allowing the energy to fill
your cheekbones, nose, mouth,
and jaw, letting go and
enjoying the calming feeling
all throughout your face.
This wonderful, warm energy is
now traveling down your throat,
relaxing all the muscles,
rejuvenating all the cells,
recalibrating your
voice and energy
and preparing you for a new
journey of self-expression
in the astral plane.
The light swirls into your
shoulders and upper arms,
relaxing all the muscles,
big and small, traveling down
your arms, elbows,
wrists, hands,
until the very tips
of your fingers,
leaving your whole arm
completely relaxed.
The warm energy travels
through your upper body,
down toward your back, and
all through your chest.
You feel relaxed
and rejuvenated.
The energy moves into your
abdomen and lower back,
relaxing all the muscles and
releasing any tension stored.
Everything is set
free and you let go.
There is no need to
hold on to anything
that doesn't serve you.
You allow relaxation to wash
over your entire stomach.
The energy begins to flow
into your hips, pelvic area,
and buttocks, and
you feel so relaxed.
The relaxing energy travels down
to your upper thighs, knees,
front and back, calves,
shins, and ankles, all the way
to your feet, until it
reaches the tips of your toes,
relaxing all the
muscles big and small.
You feel cleansed and refreshed,
replenished and rejuvenated,
relaxed and at peace.
Now you are ready
to make a connection
into the astral plane.
Visualize the dome
or sphere around you,
opening up through the center
and quickly dissolving.
You no longer need it,
as the energy is now
running through your body.
You are all the
protection you need.
You are safe and at peace.
You are powerful
and full of energy.
Up above you is a
deep blue sky lit up
by twinkling stars as bright
and beautiful as the most
precious gemstones.
At a distance, you see a spark
of light shining brighter
than anything in the sky.
As it gets closer
and closer, you
realize it is more like a
rope or a dancing string
glowing in the dark.
The light is bluish white.
The tip of this
animated, bright string
finally reaches you
and begins to enter
through your solar plexus,
in your upper abdomen.
A sense of knowing begins to
form in your mind and body.
You know you are safe
and taken care of.
You feel calm and at peace as
the bluish, bright white light
floods your whole body
like an ocean wave.
The movement continues, going
from your head until your toes,
the wave of lights
whirling and dancing all
throughout your body.
You may begin to feel
a gentle vibration
all throughout your body.
Your energy body is now the
color of this bright light,
and you feel it growing
until your energy body, which
is the exact replica of your
body, is now a few inches
larger than your physical body.
It is no longer contained
inside her body.
It is superimposed,
but you are free.
Relax and allow the
string of light,
this force, this powerful
force from the astral plane,
to pull you up into the sky,
like a powerful magnetic beam.
You don't have to do
anything but allow
yourself to be raised by this
powerful string of light.
It seems natural and peaceful.
You let go.
You are no longer
bound by your body.
You have grown and transcended
the space you were in
and you are now free to travel
and explore the astral realm,
knowing that your
body is safe and sound
and you're always connected.
Feeling light and
peaceful, feeling
joy and positive energy, going
higher and higher, allowing.
Allow these affirmations to
seep into your consciousness,
into your experience.
I am leaving my body.
I rise into the sky.
I am prepared for astral travel.
Astral travel is just a
normal part of my life.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
I am connected to
my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
When I experience astral travel
I know I am in perfect control.
I always create a
positive experience.
My awareness is
open and expanded.
I can easily access
my astral body.
I am relaxed and at peace.
I remember my
out-of-body experiences.
I am being pulled
higher and higher.
I can leave my physical
body any time I choose.
I feel light and comfortable.
I experience
tranquility and peace.
My consciousness has expanded.
I have astral
projections regularly.
Leaving my body to experience
astral travel is easy.
I know I am more than
my physical body.
I remain consciously
aware as my body relaxes.
I am having an out-of-body
experience now.
I am rising higher and higher.
The wonderful beam
or string of light
is lifting me into the sky.
I am now out of body.
Astral travel is a
rewarding experience
and I am experiencing
it fully and completely.
I am leaving my body.
I rise into the sky.
I am prepared for astral travel.
Astral travel is just a
normal part of my life.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
I am connected to
my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
I am being pulled
higher and higher.